FEHINTOLA.

NEXT DAY

Friday 6th December. 9:00am.

I let out a deep breath as I slid the duvet off my body and sat up in bed. My gaze drifted to the folder on my bed beside me —the offer from my father for D&A’s. I’d decided to literally sleep on it, hoping rest would give me the clarity and strength on how to face the situation. Today, I had to come clean to Dami. There was no more running from it.

With another sigh, I swung my legs off the bed, slipped into my flip-flops, and tightened the scarf on my head before heading to the bathroom.

In front of the mirror, I stared at my reflection, no matter how hard I tried to take my mind, the thought of it still weighed me down, Omo Fehintola, you really messed up. If I could rewind time, I wouldn’t have lied about coming for a job. I should have been upfront from the start and tried to win him over with honesty.

The loud ringtone of my phone snapped me out of my thoughts. Abandoning the toothbrush in my hand, I rushed back to the bedroom and grabbed the phone. Dami. His name flashed across the screen. My heart skipped, but I answered immediately.

“Good morning, Fehintii,” Dami’s voice came through as soon as the call connected. I pressed my fingers to my temples, sitting on the edge of the bed.

“Good Morning, Dami. How was your night?”

“Great, great. And yours?”

“Good too.”

“Perfect. So, I’m about to head out to pick up the gifts for tonight’s Christmas couples’ event on the island. Want to tag along?”

“Sure, sure,” I said, already mentally preparing myself for the day ahead. I was definitely going to find a time today to tell him about it.

“Just give me a few minutes to freshen up.”

“Alright. I’ll swing by your apartment now,” he replied.

“Okay, no problem. I’ll be ready.”

I ended the call and sat still for a moment, gathering my thoughts. Today was going to be a major turning point. One way or another.

****

A few moments later.

“It’s market we’re going to ohh!” Dami said to me as soon as he saw me, I chuckled lightly as I picked up my perfume, sprayed it and dropped it back on the chair.

“What do you mean,” I muttered as I picked up my bag and slung it across my chest.

“Shey that’s where you’ll leave the perfume?” He asked, I rolled my eyes at him and stepped away.

“Óga! Are you going to the market or not!” I asked in reply, he chuckled lightly and got up to his feet as we made our way out of the house.

“Ahn ahn! Ogaju! This is too much,” Ayo said as soon as we stepped out and I locked the door to my apartment. We slowly turned to him.

“Where are you guys going dressed like this?”

“We’re going to the market,” Dami answered immediately. He narrowed his brows at us and dramatically placed his hands on his waist.

“Ehn Ehn? Market! Dressed like this, are you sure you people are not hiding something from me,” he teased, Dami sighed, rolling his eyes to the back of his head as he stepped closer to him.

“Na me say make you no get babe. Why you Dey monitor me!” Dami answered sharply, Ayo raised his lips at him in a playful sneer, as he walked away from his front and walked up to me.

“Fehintola, you know I’m like a your older brother now, listen to me oh, don’t let all these Lagos boys deceive you ohh, their mouth is very sweet, especially this one,” he said raising his jaws towards Dami.

“Be like say you dey ment!” Dami snapped playfully as he grabbed my hands and pulled me away from him towards the door, I just couldn’t stop laughing.

“Fehintii! Blink twice if you need help” Ayo yelled after us. Dami shook his head at him as he slowly led me to the car parked outside, we got in and he drove away.

••

“Are we going to shop or you’ve already bought we’ll just pick up?” I asked turning to him, we’ve been driving quietly for about twenty minutes now and I needed to start a conversation with him atleast, before I let him know the real reason I’m here.

“We’re supposed to just be picking up o, but the moment the women heard I’ll be coming to the island, trust them to always have a list of something for me to buy!” He said and I nodded slowly in agreement.

“My mom is like that too,” I said with a small chuckle.

“Most times I don’t like telling her I’m going out, she always has something to buy!” I said and we both shared a laugh.

“By the way I ..” my statement got cut short as my phone beeped with a message, I muttered “I’m sorry,” as I took my phone out of my bag, opened it and stared in it. It was a message from my father.

-Progress Fehintola. I need progress! Today is another day to impress me! Do I need to send someone else to get the job done?- The message read. My face turned sour immediately.

-please don’t, I’m on it. I can handle it- I texted back almost immediately. I sighed deeply returning the phone to my bag and rubbing my hands on my thigh nervously.

“Is everything okay ?!” He asked turning to look at me.

“Dami there’s something I should —“ before I could complete my statement, we ran into another car in front of us, our eyes went wide and we turned back on the road immediately.

“Shit! Shit!” Dami muttered to himself, he raised his hands to rub his temples, and the owner of the car stepped out almost immediately.

"Ori è burú ni!" (Are you mad?!) he yelled, banging aggressively on the bonnet of our car.

"Bọ́tà jọ̀! Ó jù ẹ́ fó ni!" (Come out! Are you blind?) the driver shot back, his voice laced with anger. Dami and I exchanged a quick glance, both reaching for the door handle at the same time. We stepped out cautiously,

“I’m really sorry,” Dami said, slamming the door shut behind him, his hands raised slightly in a placating gesture.

“You’re really sorry?” the man repeated, mockery dripping from his voice. His irritation was clear, and it was obvious he had no intention of backing down.

"Oyìnbó ni gbogbo èyí tí o n sọ! (You’re still speaking English!) Is it sorry that will fix my car?!”

“Someone will be looking for food to eat this period, you’ll just come and cause extra gbésé (debt)” he spat angrily, his tone rising with every word. By now, a small crowd had gathered around us, their curious gazes locked on the locked scene. But No one made an effort to intervene.

“Sir, we can sort this out amicably. You don’t have to yell or insult,” I said, stepping forward, trying to de-escalate the situation.

“Àbí ori è dá rú ni? Ta ní é lè yìí, pànkèrè wò gown! Ò gbádùn ní!” (Is this one crazy? Who is this? Stick in a gown, Are you not okay?) he snapped as soon as I spoke. His insult hit me squarely, and my face flushed with embarrassment. I might not speak Yoruba as fluently as they do, but I understand the language like mad.

“I know I bashed your car, but kò tó gbogbo insult yìí now,” (it’s not worth all these insults) Dami said, stepping up to him. His irritation was beginning to show, and his voice carried an edge I wasn’t used to hearing.

“Tó bá sù mọ́ mi, má rush ẹ ní blow!” (If you come close, I’ll hit you!) the man threatened, his hands clenching into fists. Dami didn’t flinch; instead, he took another deliberate step toward him.

“Ẹ má rush mi ní blow? Èmí wá gbé ọ̀wọ́ mi fún alágbàfọ̀? Ṣé ẹ lè yà wèrè ni? Ibì tí wèrè yín parí sí, ní ti èmi tí bẹ̀rẹ̀!” (You’ll hit me? Like I gave my hand to a dry cleaner? You think you’re mad? Where your madness stopped, that’s where mine started!) Dami yelled back, his voice rising in defiance. The crowd buzzed with murmurs as they watched the two men square off.

I moved forward quickly, grabbing Dami’s arm to pull him back.

“Please don’t do that! You don’t know what he’s nursing. If he faints in your hands ǹkọ́?” I muttered urgently.

“Ẹ̀n o kú dànù ní yẹn!” (Then he’ll just die like that!) Dami retorted carelessly, his tone dismissive.

“Dami!” I cautioned, stepping in front of him. I turned to face the man, mustering as much calm as I could.

“What do you want?” I asked directly.

“Don’t do that, Fehintola. Let me handle this,” Dami said, but I ignored him.

“What else do I want? Money to repair it, of course,” the man replied, his expression disdainful as he eyed us both.

“How much?” I asked.

“₦100k,” he replied without hesitation.

“Àh! Olè ni yín o!” (You’re a thief o!) Dami exclaimed, his voice cutting through the crowd’s murmurs.

“Ẹ ṣe ní ká kọ cheque one million fún yin?” (Why not ask us to write a one-million-naira cheque for you?)

“Dami, don’t worry. That’s fine. Give me your account number,” I said, pulling out my phone.

“Fehintola, if you send that money, on God, I’ll be mad at you!” Dami said, his voice rising in frustration.

“I can literally ask my mechanic to fix it. Kí ni yìí ò lè ju 15k lọ!” (This thing can’t cost more than ₦15k!)

“Dami, it’s fine. Let me do this,” I insisted, handing the phone over to the man. He snatched it from me, inputting his account number with deliberate slowness.

“Fehintola, I’m serious. I honestly don’t like what you’re doing.”

“It’s fine, Dami. It’s just ₦100k,” I said, clicking on Send.

“Done,” I said, looking up at the man. He rolled his eyes at us dismissively.

“Ọlọ́run yó yín,” (God saved you,) he said over his shoulder as he turned to head back to his car.

Dami’s eyes narrowed, and before I could stop him, he lunged forward.

“Àbí èyí ṣínú ni? After tí ẹ ti gba owó!” (Is this one stupid? After you’ve collected money!) Dami yelled, his anger spilling over. I grabbed his arm again, pulling him back firmly.

“Dami, that’s enough,” I muttered, my voice low but firm. He snatched his hand away from me, storming back to the car.

“Fehintola, get in the car!” he barked, his voice sharp.

“I’m sorry, Dami,” I said softly as I got in beside him, shutting the door quietly.

“Seatbelt,” he muttered curtly, turning on the ignition. I clicked it into place as he drove away, without saying another word to me.