DAMILARE

I held my breath the moment I saw her, she was putting on a red sleeveless, scalloped neckline Asooke gown that stopped way above her knees, with a floral pattern highlighted with black and red beads, the red beads for the vines and the black for the leaves. Her braids was neatly packed into a ponytail, with a lot of curl falling from it. I’m blown away, she looked absolutely gorgeous, it felt like I was seeing her for the first time and I fell in love with her all over again.

“You wore it,” she purrred softly, and it didn’t even occur to me that she had gotten to my front. I shook lightly as I inhaled and slowly tucked my hands into my pocket.

“You didn’t have to come,” I mumbled. Through the corner of my eyes I could see Ayo’s mouth drop open in shock. Whatever. I miss her but ofcourse I wasn’t about to make that obvious. Her expression dropped and she stepped closer to me.

“Dami, I’m sorry”

“Trust me, I had no idea you were the business owner my father was sending me to, I couldn’t just tell you like that not after what you were going through,”

“I tried to find out the perfect time but everything just went out of hand, I wasn’t going to betray you Dami,”

“I know I shouldn’t have lied to you, I’m sorry, I just didn’t ….” Before she should complete her statement I leaned forward and crashed my lips on hers. I was hearing her voice but I couldn’t quite make out what she was saying, her lips were distracting me big time and I yielded to my impulsive thoughts and did what I’ve ached to do from the moment I saw her step out of the car. She paused in shock but I didn’t stop, I kept kissing her until she responded. Her hands slowly found her way to my neck as she wrapped her hands around my neck and pushed herself more into me. I felt her tears on my lips as we kissed, I slowly disengaged and wrapped my hands around her in a tight hug.

“Why did you take so long to come back to me,” I muttered as my grip around her tightened. She sniffled before responding.

“I’m sorry,” she muttered.

“Hm hm,” I heard a deeper voice. I disengaged relunctantly and looked up to see her father. I turned to look at her as she moved to stand beside me, she gave me a small nod and I stepped forward to her father.

“Mr Man, you’d still have to go through the right process to ask for my daughter’s hand in marriage!” She said. My brows furrowed as I stared at him, I couldn’t tell if this was his mean voice or his sarcastic voice.

“Daddy!” Fehintola called and he chuckled lightly.

He reached out to me and placed his hands on my shoulders patting it.

“I love your resilience. I love your unbreakable spirit. I know for a fact that you’re the best man for my daughter” He began, my eyes darted between, him, Ayo, Fehintola and their mother as fast as I could before landing back on him.

“Really?!”

“And I’m sorry for every inconvenience I have caused you and your Company. It took Fehintola to remind me that my company too started from small and I wouldn’t have gotten here if a greedy billionaire bought me out,”

“For the longest time I was greedy about my dreams and tried to terminate yours with it,”

“You have a good thing going here Dami, every parent would be proud of you,”

“You have no idea how glad I am to hear this from you,” I said to him. His lips stretched into a smile as he let go of me.

“You’re more of a blessing to me than I realize. In you my son found a home, I don’t know how my son would have turned out if it weren’t for you. And I do not take that for granted,” he continued.

“I did everything I did for Ayo, because I love him, he was the brother I never had,” I said to him.

“Okay, this is weird.” Ayo muttered.

“My daughter, she loves you so much. Please don’t break her heart,” he said. I slowly turned to Fehintola with a small smile.

“I will Never do such a thing!” I replied dramatically not breaking eye contact with her. And everyone chuckled lightly.

“I love her too much to do that to her!” I finally said softly and he nodded firmly.

“Great!”

“We’ll just join the party,” he said as he grabbed his wife’s hands and led her in. She passed me a wide smile and I returned her smile with another smile and a bow.

“Hey!” Ayo said the moment their parent walked away.

“Take it easy with my sister this night o,” he said sternly as he walked away, Fehintola and I just chuckled at his words.

“Ifemi,” I called as I wrapped my hands around her and pulled her into myself.

“It’s so hard without you,” I muttered. Her hands around my waist tightened.

“It’s even worse in that big house without you,” she responded and I chuckled lightly patting her hair.

“I love you so much,” I said to her.

“I love you too,” she responded.

*****

4:00am …

“Thank you Bankole Fehintola Racheal. You are my love, my light, my happiness. Thank you for making this happen,” I said to Fehintola as we drove back home, one hand on the steering, one hand in hers. The party ended around past two and we decided to stay back to clear up the place. We packed up valuable and just left the rest, we’d do a general cleaning and set down when the day breaks and everyone is well rested.

“I did nothing, you did all the hard work,” she responded. I glanced at her briefly with a small smile as her raised her hands to kiss the back of her palm.

“I love you,” I muttered.

“I love you more,” she responded. We finally got home. I parked the car in front of the compound and we made our way inside hand in hand.

“Babe, there’s one more thing I did, please don’t be mad at me,” she said as we walked towards my apartment. I moved my head backwards with furrowed brows.

“How could I possibly be mad …” I had barely completed my statement before the front door went open and someone stepped out. The words caught in my throat and my grip slowly slipped from Fehintola’s hands. I must be so tired I’m starting to see weird things. I slowly turned to Fehintola,

My.. mother?!

She looked like she hadn’t aged a bit. Her stature and face was still exactly the way I remember it. Only that now, she looked well to do.

She was putting on a fully embroidered damask Bubu dress her scarf was tied a little above her brows like the fulani’s. She had no makeup on, except the subtle nude lipstick she had on her lips.

“Am I dreaming? You see her too?!” I asked Fehintola. She bit her lower lips and nodded slowly. I scoffed.

“I’m sorry. I know you still love her. I just had to help you find your mother.”

“Dami I …” I didn’t let her complete her statement before I stepped forward and pulled her into a bone crashing hug.

“Thank you my love, thank you, thank you” I kept muttering as my grip around her tightened and tears from my face fell on her shoulders.

“Damilare” I finally heard my mother’s voice. More tears fell off my face on hearing her voice again, after so many years, it was like it truly confirmed she was really here. Fehintola’s hands ran through my back comfortingly as I cried in her shoulders.

“Go to your Mum babe,” she whispered to me after few minutes of crying. I slowly let go of her and turned to my mother.

***

“I was never supposed to leave you. They promised they wanted to give me a job, I had no idea it was out of the country, we were illegal immigrants in Europe,”

“I didn’t get the chance to say goodbye to you, it pained my heart everyday to think that you’d think I abandoned you. Considering I wasn’t exactly a good mother too you,”

“I wasn’t going to be a sex worker, so I ran away, it was hard, I ended up in jail for ten years before I was sent back to Nigeria”

“I went back to our old house, but you weren’t there anymore, I searched for you, I couldn’t find you,”

“I was fed up, I was ready to take my own life then I met Bayo Beecroft at the beach,”

“He helped me through all of it, we got married but we still didn’t stop searching for you,”

“I was too ambitious, I forgot my actions would affect you. Then, I didn’t want a baby, so I didn’t know how to behave when I got one”

“Damilare, I’m sorry. I was young, naive and stupid,”

“You were the best thing that have ever happened to me, I was just too blind to see it. I didn’t realize that until I lost you.”

“In every of my waking moment, I regretted how badly I treated you as a child and honestly, it had absolutely nothing to do with you Damilare,” My mother cried as she spoke to me.

“It was all me. I should have protected you more, I should have given you my all. I shouldn’t have let you grown taking care of yourself” she sobbed, tears occasionally choking her words.

I slowly took her hands and held then tightly in mine.

“It’s all water under the bridge now. I want to be angry with you but I can’t. It’s useless to be angry,”

“As an adult, I can now understand what you were going through, you were just twenty when you had me, I can imagine how hard that must have been for you,”

“Could you have done better?! Yes you could have, but still it’s your first time living, give yourself some grace. You can stop feeling guilty about what happened in the past”

“I’m just glad you’re here now. I’m glad you’re okay, I’m very glad you thriving,” I said to her with a small smile.

“See, I’m thriving too. My business will take a turn for the better and I found my soulmate, God has answered our prayers.”

Her tears turned into tiny wails and she threw her hands around me.

“Thank you so much, thank you,” she kept whimpering in tears.

“You look stunning for a forty year old,” I said to her, wiping her eyes dry as we disengaged, she laughed out tears as she took her handkerchief from her purse.

“I try,” she muttered as she wiped her face and pulled me in for another hug.

