FEHINTOLA

8:00pm

I stood a little away from the whole festival going on. Right now, the children were dressed beautifully in traditional attires, dancing happily to an amapiano music. And every other person laughing heartily and cheering them up. I had to beg Anu and Ayo to take pictures and videos for me.

My gaze fell on Dami, he had a wide smile beautifully carved on his face, he looked like he had no a worry in this world, when infact he might be the one with the biggest worry. I wonder how he was able to do it.

I wasn’t really able to enjoy today’s activities, I was constantly zoning out and at some point I began to feel very hot and uncomfortable, majorly because of the conversation I had with my dad before coming here. I had to leave the place, because I couldn’t take Dami asking me if I was okay every one second, and I didn’t want to ruin his fun.

I couldn’t even join Dami to complete the cookies earlier, I just sat back in my apartment staring over and over again at the contract, wonder how best to present it to him without him getting pissed at me and hating me forever.

I sighed deeply as I slowly turned and walked away to a more quiet place. I folded my hands across my chest and exhaled deeply. I feel like a bad person, I could only wonder how much the town people would hate me when they find out the real reason I came, talk more of Dami.

My conversation with My father made me realize that I paid to stay in the service apartment for only ten day, tomorrow makes it six days and I have four days to leave. I was too carried away with everything that’s going on between me and Dami to realize I actually had limited time and I most definitely wouldn’t be here for Christmas.

I rubbed my temples feeling absolutely overwhelmed as I took out my phone from my pocket, turned it on and scrolled through my contact, it’s actually very bad that there’s not even one person I can call when I’m feeling this way.

A call suddenly came in. Rose . I didn’t waste time slamming my hands against the green answer button and placing the phone up against my ear.

“Ray!” Her voice called out immediately the call connected like she was very worried about me, my lips stretched into a small smile and I folded my free hand across my chest.

“I’m so sorry, I’ve not been able to reach out to you. I went back home and it’s just been a lot, we’re preparing for my sister’s wedding too alongside Christmas, although I know I have no excuse!” She said all in one go and I chuckled lightly. I’ve actually missed her cute little Spanish American accent.

“It’s fine my love, I understand how that can be, I’m home too,” I said, a beat of silence followed for a few minutes and she suddenly spoke up.

“Wait? Home? Like Nigeria?!” She asked, my smile widened and I nodded like she could actually see me.

“Yes, I’m in Lagos, Nigeria,” I said to her.

“After what happened, I couldn’t stay, there’s nothing for me in Newyork anymore,” I said and she sighed deeply.

“You shouldn’t have left like that. You might have found another job,” she said and I scoffed lowly.

“Another job? With that scandal? Who would hire a famous Nigerian bully,” I said and over the phone I heard her sigh deeply.

“I’m so sorry about that Ray,” she said, I chuckled lightly as I walked to the other side of the road and took my seat on a block there.

“It’s fine, I’m over it,” I said to her.

“So how’s Nigeria? Is it as you hoped?” She asked and my lips stretched into a small smile as the memory of how all the days I’ve spent here went began to flood my mind again.

“Actually, it’s way different than I imagined it, it’s the first time I’m experiencing something like this, it’s better, it’s very beautiful, this is the christmasiest Christmas I’ve ever experienced, if there’s a word like that” I said and the both of us shared a laugh.

“You see, I told you,”

“I’m not happy what happened happened, but I’m happy you’re happy, and you’re finally taking a break, you deserve it Racheal,” she said and I exhaled deeply, the excitement in my voice dropping as I remembered the situation I’m in right now.

“Yeah, I’m happy,” I muttered in reply.

“You don’t seem sure about it, what’s going on?!” She asked, and that was everything it took to get me talking. I exhaled deeply and began to narrate the whole issue to her from the very beginning.

I told her about her I came to serve in ikorodu for one year, five years ago and about how I met a man who was serving also, we worked in the same school and we fell in love, but I wanted more, not because he wasn’t enough, but because I felt he was settling for less. I mean he was extremely brilliant, he graduated as the best graduating student in the most prestigious university in Nigeria, the university of Lagos with a CGPA of 5.0 but he didn’t seem like he wanted to aim higher. He was satisfied with living a very small and quiet life, I wasn’t used to living a small life, so it seemed weird to me that someone would want to settle for that kind of life. Me on the other hand I wanted more, I had a lot of people I wanted to prove myself to, I wanted to prove to everybody around me that even if I wasn’t born into wealth, I would still have attained a very high and remarkable height.

That was my goal, I wanted to be a very successful author especially in children books, I told her about how I wanted to be a big name in the writing industry, I wanted children to read my books, look up to me and aspire to be the best. So when Dami told me that he didn’t want to be seen or anything, he just wanted to be comfortable and be the happiest he can be, I felt like he was settling and he lacked vision and ambition. I loved him but honestly I didn’t want that life for myself. He begged me to stay, saying that he’d do whatever it took to make me stay, but how do I convince somebody whose goal in life is to just be happy to aim for the stars knowing how difficult it can be to climb to the top.

I didn’t want him to do anything because of me, I wanted him to do it because he wanted to, and honestly he didn’t want to, so I left.

I told her about how everyday that I worked abroad, I began to realize more and more why Dami just wanted to be happy, then I felt like happiness was overrated, until I was miserable and realized it was infact underrated.

I told her about how when I finally came back home , my father asked me to convince a small scale winery to sell, and on getting there, the owner of the winery turned out to be my ex. I told her how, I couldn’t tell him the real reason I came.

How we picked up from where we left it, how very happy I am at the moment, how I wish I could go back to the past and choose to stay, how I don’t want this to end.

I told her about how I feel deceiving the people who genuinely love and care about me. How I don’t know what I’d do if Dami hates me forever.

“I don’t know, I don’t know what to do Rose,” I muttered as I concluded my story.

“This is a lot Ray,” she muttered immediately I was done. I raised my hands to my head and hit it lightly in an attempt to itch it.

“I know, I know,” I mumbled under my breath.

“You shouldn’t have lied from the get go,” she said. Very true that, I shouldn’t have lied to Dami to begin with, it would definitely not have gotten to this.

“But still I think you should tell him about it before it’s late, if what you guys have is strong, he’d understand, just make sure you’re not hiding anything again,” she said. I sighed deeply and nodded slowly.

“Yeah, I’ll do that, I’ll talk to him about it,” I said slowly turning towards the town square, immediately I didn’t that, I felt all the air in my body dry up and I almost choked on the words I was about to say. My grip on my phone tightened.

“R-rose, let me call you back,” I stuttered my voice barely above a whisper as I removed the phone from my ear and ended the call with the power button, my gaze still on the person in front of me.

“It-s it-s not what you think—“ I muttered standing up to my feet.