FEHINTOLA

11:30am.

“I want to bake Christmas cookies, before we leave for the town square,” Dami said as we walked out of the Local restaurant not too far from the house, where we had just finished eating.

“I’m making a big batch, would you want to join me?!” He asked and I slowly turned to look at him.

“Ahn ahn, this is serious o, Ikorodu Father Christmas” I teased and his face curled into a playful frown, although I could see him trying to hold in his laughter.

“Sho fe ma whine mi ni,” (Are you teasing me?!) he muttered, the expression on his face mused me more and my laughter persisted.

“I’m sorry,” I muttered as I tried to stop laughing.

“Oya now, since you want to laugh, have a nice day! I must not see your hand in my cookies ohh,” he said as he increased his pace and walked ahead of me.

“Ahn ahn, I’m just joking with you,” I said running up to catch up with him. He rolled his eyes playfully and hissed as he reached out, wrapped his hands around my shoulders and pulled me closer to himself.

“You’re lucky, I like you” he said and I giggled as we made our way back home.

****

A few moments later.

Dami squinted at the bowl in front of me and then glanced suspiciously up at me.

“Did you just dump all the sugar in there?" He asked, licking a bit of frosting off my finger, I grinned innocently.

"Define all. You said to make it sweet right." I replied, he rolled his eyes to the back of his head and placed his hands and his waist.

"I said sweet, not share diabetes as souvenir, Haba!" He groaned, grabbing the spoon from me to inspect the mixture. He shook his head. "This is why I don't trust you near a recipe."

“Look at the previous batter you mixed, like Amala, we’ve not found solution to that one, you causing more problem again,”

"Relax," I muttered nonchalantly stepping away and taking a gingerbread cookie off the cooling rack and taking a bite.

"You worry too much. If it turns out bad, we'll just blame it on Santa."

“Santa ni ikorodu? (Santa in ikorodu?!) Dey play!” He snorted and I bursted out laughing.

“Besides, Oyinbo people Santa doesn’t bake cookies!" He shot back,

"He eats them. Which you’ve clearly been doing all day. How many is that now? Six? Seven?"

"First of all,"

"it's called quality control. Someone has to make sure we’re not poisoning the town square with bad cookies."

“Na so,” he muttered as he began to add more flower to the mixture, probably to reduce the sugar content.

“You know, for someone who swears she’s better at baking than cooking, you’ve managed to get more flour on yourself than in the bowl,” he teased, glancing up at me as I picked up another cookie. I paused, glaring at him.

“Oya now, Shebi you can do it, Mr. Chef. Continue, Enjoy!”

“What would you actually do without me,” he said as he added water to the mixture and began to knead.

“Toor, look at you that was begging me to join you before, Abi it’s you that cannot do without me,” I said as I dipped my hands into the bowl of flour.

“Please don’t do that,” he muttered as he carried the bowl he was kneading in and stepped away from me, my smile widened mischievously as I grabbed a handful of flour and moved closer to him.

“Fehintola, na for Korean movie them Dey do all these things, Flour is expensive here abeg don’t waste it?” He said, I giggled excitedly, circling the kitchen with him as he retreated.

“It’s Christmas. A little flour mess never hurt anyone.” I giggled and without waiting for him to respond, I flung it at him.

He paused immediately as the flour landed on his face, turning his face flour white immediately.

“Fehintola, you’ve declared war,” he said, grabbing a handful of flour himself. I squealed and ran around the counter, laughing as he chased me.

“Dami, Dami! Remember that flour is expensive o, this is not American film o, no set assistant to clean up the mess for us “

“Ehn, let me do my own back first!” He retorted.

“It’s you that will kuku sweep this place,”

He finally caught me near the oven, wrapping an arm firmly around my waist to keep me from escaping. We were both laughing, panting slightly,

“You like playing,” I muttered, looking up at him, trying to catch me breath.

“Like you’re any different ,” he replied, his voice lower,

We stood there for a moment, our laughter fading as we realized how close they were. His hand was still on my waist, my fingers holding his arm for balance. Memory of our kiss yesterday night flooded my head as he gazed into my eyes.

His gaze slowly dropped to my lips, and he leaned in slightly. I swallowed hard and my eyes slowly went shut.

But before our lips could meet, my phone rang, loud and intruding. I jumped, pulling away abruptly.

“Oh! My phone My phone…”

Dami blinked, as if waking up from a dream. He let go of my waist immediately, rubbing the back of his neck nervously.

“Right. Your phone.” He mumbled.

I fumbled to grab it from the counter, my hands trembling slightly. Mr Bankole. I slowly swiped it on the answer button and placed it over my ear.

“Fehintola, we need to talk!” My father’s voice came sharply at the other end. I stuttered in an attempt to speak,

Dami stepped back, giving me space, as he turned back to the dough for the cookie.

“Dad, I’m sorry. I’m kind of busy now. Can I call you back later?” I asked, my grip on the phone tightening.

“Are you silly! I said drop whatever you’re doing now, we need to talk!” He snapped in reply, I flinched at the suddenness of his voice and I slowly turned to Dami. He seemed to have heard it also, he signalled to me to go ahead.

“I can handle it,” he mouthed to me. I nodded in reply as I turned and headed out of the kitchen, out of his apartment towards mine.

“Okay sir, I’m here” I said to my Dad as I walked into my apartment and slammed the door shut.

“Video call, I want to see your face!”

****

“Williams and ko, have withdrawn their investment,” My father said to me, his gaze intent on me over the video call.

“What?! Isn’t that your biggest account?!” I asked leaning forward like it would help me hear him better.

“Oh, it’s very good that you now see how serious this is and how desperate I am,”

“If I want to get Williams and Ko back, I have to buy the rights to D&A’s. I happened to have tasted their wine, and it has everything I want! I want it as soon as possible!”

“Dad, how about we consider a partnership instead, I’m not too sure about him wanting to sell, the way I see it, he’s not interested in selling!” I said softly trying to make him see reason with me.

“You think I don’t know he’s not interested? He’s being rejecting us for the past six months ofcourse I know that!, you wouldn’t know because you didn’t care!”

“Dad I —“

“I sent you there to convince him! Not ti make up offers for me!” He interrupted me sharply.

“He doesn’t have what it takes to grow that wine company! It’d do better in my hands and with my exposure!”

“These peasants don’t actually have a standard, just entice them with money and they’d agree instantly!”

“I beg to differ dad, he seems to be different! Hasn’t he been rejecting all the money you’ve been offering?” I said and he rolled his eyes at me.

“Which is why I gave a more juicy and irresistible offer this time around, haven’t you shown it to him?” He asked and I shook my head realizing it was pointless to lie.

“Fehintola what’s your problem, Shey ómò yi gbadun bayi!” (Is this child okay?!) He yelled, my mum stepped into the video frame and grabbed his hand softly, begging him to calm down. He should not calm down, if it was that easy, why didn’t he come all the way to this place by himself.

My mother slowly turned to look at me through the camera,

“Fehintola, what’s wrong with you? Shouldn’t you have known the father you have by now? Proving stubborn won’t work with him, just do as he asks,”

“What do you mean shouldn’t she have known her father? Like I’m the troublesome one, my own hobby is shouting Abi?! She, she didn’t do anything bad Abi. Eyin le kuku baje (you’re the one that spoiled her)” He snapped turning to my mother, she shook her head slowly and exhaled deeply.

“Ókó mi you know that not what I meant na!” She said before turning back to me.

“Mom, I’m trying my best, I’m doing everything I can, but your husband is not just being understanding!” I said to her.

“It’s not that easy to just get someone to sell their property just like that. And honestly to him it’s actually way more than the money,”

“I don’t care what it is you have to do, just do it! You’ve been gone five days, you have five days left. You better bring good news back home, because I won’t take it lightly with you,” he snorted.

“If you don’t get the deal sealed, this house will be too small for the both of us “ he added and with that he got up to his feet, adjusted his top and stormed away.

“Ómó mi jór (My child, please), just do ask he asks. Atleast it’s different if you try and it doesn’t work out, than not trying at all” my mother said to me, I sighed shaking my head slightly as I leaned back into the chair.

“Okay fine, I’ll try! I’ll speak to him today about it,” I said.

“Oshey oshey, ómó mi, Aduke, you know I don’t like it when you and your father fight,” she said and I raised my chin at her slightly. Aduke my my Yoruba panegyric name and she usually calls me that when she’s trying to get me to do something or calm me down. Even though we have our own moments, I’ll still prefer her one thousand times to my father.

“I hear you,” I muttered in reply.