FEHINTOLA

NEXT DAY

26th December, 12:00pm

“Hmm,” I groaned as I turned in bed. I turned and laid facing down. My body ached all over from all the work and partying from yesterday, I reached out for my phone and turned it on. Twelve o’clock, I’m lowkey pissed I’m awake right now, I didn’t sleep until past six this morning and I promised myself I was going to wake up by six in the evening, so tell me why I’m awake now. I let my phone fall back on the bed as I adjusted myself well to pick up my sleeping journey from where I stopped.

But just before I could do that, the door went open and I heard Dami’s voice.

“Is my sleeping beauty still asleep,”

“Yes,” I groaned in reply, my eyes barely opened.

“I brought you breakfast,” he said as soon as he got to the bed. I turned to lay on my side and looked up at him, making sure not to open my eyes fully, so I can find it easy to sleep back.

“I want to sleep,” I mumbled. He chuckled lightly as he set the tray on the table beside the bed and sat beside me legs in first.

“Well you can, get up, get freshened up, eat and go back to sleep,” he said rubbing my hair. I groaned with a small pout.

“That’s a lot of work,” I grumbled.

“I’ll run a hot water bath for you, and I’ll help you with massage,” he added. My eyes went wide immediately.

“Really? You’ll do that?!”

“Ofcourse, anything for my queen” he responded with a small smile. I groaned deeply and slowly pushed myself to a sitting position.

“How do you feel?!” I asked him. He gently scooted closer to me.

“Honestly, I could barely sleep throughout the night. It just feels so unreal,”

“Like everything would automatically undo if I go to sleep” he mumbled.

“I did not know how much I wanted to see my mother until I actually saw her. She’s still as pretty as I remember her.”

“She left without a word, I’m really glad she’s well, I’m glad she found love too. I’m really glad her life did not ultimately end because she had me”

“My heart is full Fehintola, this is my best Christmas yet and it’s all because of you” A small smile touched my lips and I shyly looked away from him.

“You came into my life and you changed everything. You made me a priority, you made my life easier, you made my life better, you made my life more fun, you made me look forward to waking up everyday.”

“You saw me, you heard me, you understood me, you nurtured me, you taught me, you made me see life from a whole brighter perspective, you made me a better man,”

“Honestly, I’ve imagined a thousand ways I would react if I ever met my mother again, and the way today went? was never one of them. And it was all you Fehintola, you did that,” he said. I shook my head slowly and leaned closer to him.

“No, I didn’t do anything. You’re a good man” I said and he chuckled lightly.

“I love you so much Fehintola, I love you more than I love my own life and I want you to know that I gat you, for life, forever Ife mi. I love you endlessly my tender vine,” he said. I nodded slowly with a small smile as he placed a small kiss on my lips.

“I love you too Ademi (My crown). You complete me” I muttered and he placed another kiss on my lips.

“Baby, you should actually rest. You’ve not had a good rest in a long time, you should rest well. I’ll make sure nobody disturbs you” I said to him and he nodded slowly.

“I will. Thank you my love”

One week Later

New Year’s Eve 7:00pm

“Ayo and Anu called me. They’re already on the island” I said to Dami as I packed up my things. He looked up from his phone and nodded absentmindedly without a word.

“You don’t seem great. Is everything okay?!” I asked him as I let go of my bag and turned to him.

“Are you still uncomfortable with my family. I could give my dad an excuse on why we couldn’t make it to the dinner. “ I added closing the distance between us.

“What? No! Why would we do that. You know your father and I are just getting to know each other, we can’t be giving excuses”

“Plus it’s the first time he’s inviting me to dinner, I can’t possibly turn him down” he responded. I turned my lips downward staring at him intently.

“Are you sure? I’ll talk to them, they’ll actually understand. You’ve just been really distracted and off since morning”

“Isn’t that why you suggested we join them at the location instead of going to our house first? You had this same reaction. When you wanted to visit your mother at her house too” I said and he sighed deeply.

“Babe, I promise you, I’m good” he responded and I nodded with a small shrug,

“Okay then if you say so,”

****

10:00pm

“Ready?” Dami asked turning to look at me as soon as we pulled up at the location. I adjusted my dress and nodded with a big smile. We have never had a family dinner this big. It’s usually just me, mom and dad. But now we’re complete, my older brother was back, he was coming with his girlfriend. I was coming with my boyfriend too, I am honestly living my dream life. Three-months ago me wouldn’t believe all these plot twist.

Dami gently pulled the door opened and helped me out.

“There’s no one like you Fehintii, You look gorgeous” He said as he closed the door behind me and took my hands. I smiled shyly as we began to walk inside.

“Thank you baby”

“Good Afternoon Maam, welcome” the staff at the entrance greeted me with a wide smile. I responded with a even wider smile.

“This is for you” she said and handed a stalk of rose flower to me

“Aww, thank hou, this is so pretty,” I purred as I took it from her. Dami chuckled beside me as we begin to make our way inside.

“This is for you,” More staff began to say handing me one stalk of rose flower each as we walked further in.

“Babe?!” I drawled turning to Dami and he just shrugged in response.

“Yoooo!!!” I screamed in shock the moment we got to the end of the hall way. The first person my eyes landed on was Rose. I quickly stretched out all the roses to someone behind me as I ran up to her and engulfed her in a tight hug.

“Jesus, Jesus Jesus, oh my God” I muttered as I disengaged from the hug with Rose and raised my hands to cover my face.. I stood in absolute shock staring at the massive and most stunning proposal Decor ever. I could not believe my eyes, never for once had Dami made me suspect this. It was a dimly lit open space, flowers beautifully litered the whole place and right in front of me a huge “would you marry me?” sign in shiny red light stood gorgeously.

Everybody was here, My parent, Dami’s mother and his step family, our very close friends from Ikorodu.

I slowly turned to look at Dami behind me and he had the widest smile, I’m sure he was so proud of himself, he pulled this off without making me suspect a thing at any point. He gently took my hands and led me to red carpet,

“Ifemi “ he began, holding both my hands and I laughed out tears.

“I remember vividly the day we met five years ago. I was having such a tough time getting my students in order. Then you walked in to help me, I remember thinking that you’re the most gorgeous corper I had ever seen”

“You spoke to them so calmly and they adjusted, I’m so sure it was because they were also mesmerized by your beauty,” he said and everyone bursted out in laughter.

“Babe,” I chuckled swatting his hands playfully.

“I watched how to took care of every child you came in contact with like they were your own, I watched how you changed the toughest of children, you had a special way with them and it was it that moment I knew I wanted you to be the mother of my children,” he continued and waves of “aww” crossed the space.

“Ahh, Yoruba men ,” I whispered with a small smile.

“You’re God’s gift to me Fehintii, I cannot even start to think of how messed up my life would have been if I hadn’t met you,”

“You helped me fulfill my purpose, you gave me a sense of direction,”

“ I remember you telling me, ‘Dami why do you want to settle for teaching’ . I had told you that earning a salary was stable income and I didn’t want to give that up for business that I wasn’t certain about, oh my God, you threw such a fit,” he said and I chuckled wiping the tears at the corner of my eyes.

“Even when I did not see it, you saw me as so much more. You’ve always thought of me and did what was best for me. You might not know this, but your words of encouragement before you left for America, pushed me to start my own company, thank you so much,”

“Honestly you have no idea how much impact you have made in my life and I want to spend the rest of my life telling it to you,” he said and slowly went down on one knees. My heart skipped a beat as he continued.

“I want to spend the rest of my life under your loving and careful arms Fehintola. I want to spend the rest of my life appreciating your labour of love to me. I want to spend the rest of my life giving you every good thing that you deserve,”

“I want my children to have you as their mother, because that’s the best gift I could ever give them”

“I love you so much Fehintola and I want to spend the rest of my life proving that to you.”

“So, Fehintola Racheal Bankole, would you make me the happiest man on earth and let me be your husband?” Eh asked as he opened the ring box in his hands revealing the prettiest diamond rings.

“Are these real diamonds?!” I asked and he chuckled with a small nod.

“You’re worth more than diamond ifemi,” he responded and I nodded with a big smile.

“Ofcourse I’ll marry you!” I responded and everybody broke out in loud cheers. He slid the ring into my hands, got up and wrapped his hands around me lifting me up from the floor.

“I love you so much Ademi,”

“I love you more,”

Suddenly fireworks began erupting in the sky, he slowly placed me down, bent a little to look in my eyes.

“Happy new year Iyawo mi (my wife)” he whispered.

“Happy new year Oko mi (my husband)” I responded and he didn’t waste time before slamming his lips on mine while everyone around us just erupted in laughter and applause.

This is perfect!