FEHINTOLA

4:30pm

“Just because I let Anjola stay back, don’t think I don’t know what I’m doing,” My father said to me over the phone, I sighed deeply and slowly reclined in the car seat,

“I give you one extra week, to get this done,” he added. I exhaled deeply and nodded slowly like he could see me.

“O gbo Abi o daun” (you hear me or you chose not to answer) his voice came sharply.

“I’ve heard sir,”

“Good!” He muttered in reply and with that he ended the call.

“You are on the fastest route, you will get to your destination in five minutes,” The GPS automated voice announced, I stared down at my watch, honestly I didn’t want to go to the town square because I am avoiding Dami but Ayo had texted me earlier, to not stay home alone if I got back early, I decided to go. He said they were going to start early today because they wanted finish early.

****

“Ohh perfect, perfect!”

“Welcome Fehintola,” I heard the host say from the stage as I walked into the town square, my head whipped up immediately to look at the host who was staring at me with a wide smile.

“Dami does not have any partner, can you team up with him for the game?” He said, I released a nervous laugh, waving my hands in disagreement as I walked further in to stand in the crowd.

“My dress is not to comfortable to play a game, I’ll just watch” I said still chuckling nervously.

“It doesn’t have anything to do with your dress, just your hands” he said.

“God abeg, who sent me message,” I muttered under my breath as I slowly walked up the stage with a defeated sigh.

“Perfect!” He exclaimed with a big smile.

“So the rule of the game,” he continued.

“You have to wrap up those boxes beside you together, but only one hand from each of you must be used, I expect you to hold each other’s hand tightly and never let go, while you use the other hand to wrap the gift,”

“Letting go of the hand means automatic disqualification.”

“Whoever wraps the most gifts and the nearest wins,”

“Let the game begin!” He announced, Dami slowly turned to look at me and stretched out his hands to me,

I reluctantly placed my hand in his, muttering under my breath,

“God, why me?” Dami’s grip was firm, almost as if he thought I’d bolt any second.

“Fehintola,” he whispered, leaning closer,

“Can we please talk after this?” I did a lot to stop myself from rolling my eyes to the back of my head, other people didn’t have to know that we weren’t speaking. Focusing my eyes on the stack of boxes instead of him, I muttered,

“Don’t push your luck, Let’s just finish this game in peace, abeg. I don’t want to get into any more troubles with you.” A look of defeat crossed this face as he stared at me but before he could talk, the whistle blew, signaling the start of the game, and I immediately realized how much of a disaster this was about to be.

“Hold my hand tighter,” he said.

“Ah ah, you want to cut off my circulation no? Is it not to just hold hand and wrap gift? Must you drag me like this?” I muttered finally turning to him, thankfully the stage was a bit far high and far from the crowd, plus everywhere was noisy, they wouldn’t hear our noise.

“Sorry, sorry,” he said, loosening his grip but not by much.

We fumbled awkwardly as we reached for the first box, trying to maneuver the wrapping paper with just one free hand each. I yanked at the tape dispenser, and the thing spun out of control, landing right under Dami’s foot.

“You see your life?” I shot him a look, like he had anything to do with it. Whatever though, anything I do wrong is his fault, because he’s the one messing with my mind.

“Oya, bend down and pick it up before we lose time.”

“But Fehintii, you’re holding my hand? How will I bend down?” he shot back, I raised my brows at him.

“You’re still shouting at me? Me I’ll leave you oh!” I muttered.

“Sorry,” he muttered as he bent to pick it but he couldn’t.

“Shift your body small, na!” I snapped, dragging him slightly to the side so he could bend without breaking the no-let-go rule.

In the chaos of grabbing the tape, our joined hands got tangled in the curling ribbon.

“Ah! What kind of bad luck is this?” I groaned, trying to untangle us while Dami chuckled softly.

“If only you’d stop grumbling and let’s do this thing,”

“You’re the one twisting it anyhow,” he teased, his smile widening.

“Stop laughing!” I glared at him, though I felt my cheeks warm at the sight of his smile.

We somehow managed to wrap the first box—if you could call the lumpy thing in front of us "wrapped."

“Dami, see what you’re doing! It looks like bag of Garri held together with prayer,” I complained.

“And whose fault is that? You’re pulling the paper too hard!”

We moved on to the second box, still bickering, but somehow we started to find a rhythm. As we finished the third, I noticed Dami sneaking glances at me.

“What? What is it?” I asked, avoiding his eyes.

“Nothing,” he said, a small smile playing on his lips.

“I just miss this. Us, working together.” I paused for a second, startled by the softness in his voice, but quickly shook it off.

“Focus on the gifts, abeg. You miss us working together, how many times we don work together this year?” I asked raising my brows at him with a light sneer.

“Ma fi bread ko mi lo be lo” (Don’t deceive me) I added with a mutter.

“Fehintola,” he whispered again, his tone pleading this time,

“I really am sorry. Can we—”

“Time’s up!” the host announced, cutting him off.

Relieved, I quickly dropped the ribbon in my hand and stepped back, but Dami held on to my hand a second longer.

“Let go of my hand, Dami,” I said firmly through gritted teeth. He sighed, releasing me but not before murmuring,

“We’re not done talking, Fehintola.”

I rolled my eyes, pretending not to hear as I turned my attention to the host.

“Please, who won? Let’s move on.” I muttered under my breath. The host grinned, holding up one of our boxes like it was a masterpiece.

“I don’t know what you two were doing up here, but it was very entertaining! Congratulations, sha, you’re our runners-up!”

The crowd erupted into laughter, and I could feel my face heat up as I slowly turned to Dami. Even as I tried to avoid drama, they still noticed our banter.

“And for gifts for our winner. The couple get to spend an all expense paid night to a very beautiful resort,” The host announced and the crowd went crazy with screams.

“And who is a more deserving winner than our organizers who have put in a whole lot of work to make this week’s event successful!” The host announced happily. I slowly turned to look at Dami.

“Nothing wey you wan tell me, this thing na confirm set up. And you planned it!”

He chuckled slightly at my words shrugged with a small smile. Tch. It’s the fact that he thinks this is funny.

****

10:00pm.

“Where have you been?” Dami’s voice was soft as I walked into the room and gently closed the door behind me.

“Just… around,” I murmured, moving toward the mirror. Taking a seat, I began gathering my braids, slowly twisting them into a loose bun. Through the reflection, I saw him rise from the bed and approach me.

He leaned down, his arms encircling me in a warm embrace, his chin resting lightly on my shoulder. His familiar scent enveloped me, a mix of cedarwood and something uniquely him.

“I’m sorry,” he murmured, his voice low and sincere, brushing against my ear.

I let out a small sigh, securing the band around my hair before dropping my hands into my lap. “I’ve heard you,” I replied, keeping my gaze on the mirror.

Dami loosened his hold, gently turning my chair to face him. His dark eyes, filled with remorse, locked onto mine.

“I was a jerk,” he admitted, his voice thick with regret.

“I let my frustration get the best of me, and I took it out on you. That was wrong—so wrong. And for that, I’m truly sorry.”

“Are you?” I asked softly, my brows slightly raised at him. He moved closer, his hands resting lightly on my knees.

“Of course, Mama. I’m sorry—more than you know.”

Heat rushed to my cheeks at the nickname. “Don’t call me that,” I muttered, my voice barely above a whisper as I turned my head away, trying to hide the flush spreading across my face.

“Hey,” he whispered, his tone tender as his fingers brushed my jaw, coaxing me to look back at him.

“Look at me,” he said, his voice a gentle command.

Reluctantly, I met his gaze. His eyes held a warmth that melted everyone of the anger I had fit him against my wish.

“I’m sorry, my love,” he murmured, his voice as soft as a caress.

I blinked slowly, the sincerity in his words tugging at something deep within me. Reaching up, I let my thumb graze his cheek, the slight stubble on his cheeks rough yet comforting under my touch.

“Dami… I really want us to move past everything that happened with us in the past,” I said, my voice trembling slightly. His hand covered mine, his fingers threading through mine.

“I already have, baby. I promise you, it’s behind us. I’m all in—for us.”

“Kiss me, maybe I’ll consider it ” I whispered, my voice barely audible, but the longing in my tone unmistakable. I missed him like mad.

A slow, radiant smile spread across his face as he stood. He leaned down, his lips capturing mine in a kiss so tender, so filled with love, it made my heart ache in the best way. I had missed this, even if it was just a day, I missed us, like we didn’t separate for five whole years.