FEHINTOLA

Next Morning.

20th December.

I grabbed the door knob of Ayo’s room and gently pushed it open, peeping through. He was standing and basically just looking through the picture frames of him as a small boy on the wall.

“Come in if you want to come in Fehintii,” he said, his back still facing me.

“Ohh,” I whispered as I slowly let go of the door and walked in.

“You know, mummy and daddy made sure no one came into this room except to clean. They strongly believed they would find you,” I said softly behind him.

He turned to me with a small smile on his face and nodded slowly.

“I can see that,” he whispered. I exhaled deeply and dropped my hands to the side.

“You must hate me now,” I said. His eyes dimmed and he tilted his head to the side.

“Hate you? Why would you say that?”

“I mean. I’ve always used my own to disturb you. You went missing before because of me and you might loose Dami and the winery because of me again,” he chuckled lightly as he stepped closer to me and took my hands.

“None of what happened is your fault, both in the past and now. I’m here now, you can stop blaming yourself for what happened” he said and I nodded slowly.

“Come here,” he whispered as he pulled me closer to himself and wrapped his hands around me.

“My baby sister!” He muttered against my hair as he hugged me tighter.

“This still feels surreal” he whispered and I nodded in his arms.

“Yeah, me too” I whispered.

“You know, I still can’t believe we couldn’t recognize each other at first glance,” he muttered.

“I know right! I guess it was because we were very young,” I responded and he nodded still patting my hair.

“I guess so too,”

“What about Dami?” I asked as we disengaged from the hug.

“Looks like Daddy has made his choice, I’ll be going back to Ikorodu today,” he said and I nodded slowly.

“Can I come with,” I asked him and he shook his head slowly.

“I think you should sit this one out. You too have been through a lot in the past one month.”

“Use this time to rest also,” he said to me and I nodded slowly.

“Thank you,” I whispered.

“It’s only five days to Christmas. Daddy said he’s going to withdraw his words with NAFDAC, What’s going to happen with the christmas sales” I asked. He sighed deeply as he took a step backwards and sat on his bed. I equally sat on the chair in front of him.

“Anu said orders are not coming in like we expected, but productions are on going regardless, a lot of people might pull up to the sales on the 25th,” he explained and I nodded.

“Definitely, definitely. I’ll keep publicizing, I’ll do everything I can to pull crowd and I’ll try to speak to daddy again concerning NAFDAC” I said and he nodded with a small shrug.

“Goodluck with that, his mind seems made up,” he said, I sighed and reclined in my chair.

“I just have to try” I muttered.

With a small nod, he say forward and took his hands in mine.

“Fehintola, you’ve grown up to be a great woman and trust me, there’s nothing anyone can say or do to change that,”

“Not what happened in America, not the words that daddy says to you. You’re a good woman and I’m very proud of you,”

“I wasn’t there to watch your growth but you have grown into a very fine lady and I’m proud to call you my sister. I know you love Dami and you’ll do anything for him, and trust me, he loves you too,”

“Just give him time to process everything that’s going on, he’ll come around, I promise,” he said. I sniffled and I nodded slowly.

“I hope so,” I muttered.

***

Later that evening.

A small knock came on my door and before I could respond the door slowly went open , one of our house keeper walked in.

“Miss Fehintii, your father will like to see you in his room,” she said. I rolled over on the bed to face her.

“See me?!” I asked and she nodded again.

“Alright. I’ll be down in a minute” I said to her. She nodded with a respectful bow and turned to leave. My father wants to see me? I picked up my satin robe laid by the arm of my chair and threw it on, slidding into my plush fluffy slippers, I tied the rope around my waist as I headed out of my room and towards the masters bedroom.

I knocked once and pushed the door open.

“You asked for me” I muttered as I walked into his room, stood by his bed and folded my hands behind me.

“Have a seat,” he said tapping into the space beside him on the bed. I wanted to protest, but I headed towards the only two seater in the room and took my seat there.

“Fehintola, I’m not a wicked father o” he began. I scoffed lowly as I crossed my legs and folded my hands around my bossom.

“That’s quite hard to believe,” I muttered under my breath.

“Fehintola, I only wanted what was best for you.” He continued ignoring my words which I was sure he clearly.

“Best for me?” I raised a brow, my tone sharp. “Or best for you?” I added. He let out a long sigh and shifted on the bed.

“Fehintola, I don’t like this relationship that we have,”

“We have been fighting for too long” he began and paused.

“It’s not my fault daddy. You’re the one who’s always fighting me, nothing I do ever satisfies you. You just seem to be irritated by everything I do” I inserted quickly. He said and nodded.

“I know I’ve been hard on you… but you must understand, I was only afraid.”

“Afraid of what?” I asked, folding my arms tighter.

“I was afraid of losing you the way I lost your brother,” he said, voice breaking slightly.

“When Ayo went missing, my heart was not been at peace.”

“And then when you grew … you chose to go far away, you chose a life I didn’t understand.”

“So instead of holding me close, you punished me for it? You blamed me for something that wasn’t my fault.”

“I wanted to leave Nigeria because I was tired of constantly being compared to Ayo, I was tired of being blamed for what happened to Ayo!”

“What?! I never felt it was your fault that he went missing. I never blamed you for it Fehintola”

“Well that’s how you made me feel” I muttered.

“That’s why I decided to leave, and still yet my leaving was a problem”

He rubbed his forehead. “You won’t understand, I am an African man. I believe in strong family, I believe a child must follow the path that will bring respect. That writing you’re always shouting about, I thought it was a waste of time.”

I scoffed bitterly. “Respect? Daddy, you’d rather I live a life I hate, than let me do what I love.”

“Honestly, it felt like you just wanted to control my life forever,”

He sat up straighter, “You think I was calling you back to Nigeria just to control you? No, my daughter. Everytime I called you, it was worry. You are the only child left for me. Ọmọ kan ṣoṣo tí mo ní lórí ayé.” (The only child I have left on this earth).

Something in me cracked at those words. For the first time, I didn’t just see a stubborn traditional man, I saw a father who had been grieving for years but didn’t know how to express it. I leaned forward slowly.

“Daddy… I don’t want to fight you anymore. But I can’t stop being who I am. Writing is not just a dream, it’s my life and once all these goes down, I’m going to go back to it.”

“I don’t want to become CEO, I’m not cut out for business daddy,”

He looked at me for a long while, then reached out, his hand resting gently on mine. His voice dropped.

“Do what makes you happy. But don’t forget your family”

Tears slipped down before I could stop them. I nodded, squeezing his hand back.

“I won’t forget, Daddy.”

For the first time in years, the air between us felt lighter. Not perfect, not healed completely, but different. Softer. I got up from where I was seated and sat beside him on the bed as I wrapped my hands around him in a hug.

“Daddy. About Dami,” I muttered as he disengaged from the hug.

“He’s a good man,” I quickly added as I noticed his change of countenance.

“Please can you not make life any harder for him,” I pleaded.

“You love him?” He asked and I nodded.

“I do. I really do daddy.” I said to him. He nodded.

“I’ve thought about it. Greedily taking his company from him is not worth loosing my two children over,”

“I’ll not interfere again. And I’ll put a word in with my people for his event,” he said and my eyes opened wide.

“Really?! You’ll do that for us?!” I asked and he nodded with a small smile.

“Ofcourse, I’ll do anything for you and your brother,” he said. I clapped gleefully as I pulled him into another tight hug.

“Thank you! Thank you so much Daddy”

