FEHINTOLA

LATER THAT DAY, 8:30pm

“I see you’re still posting, the social media engagements are low. I don’t even have any more words of encouragement to say to Dami at this point,” Anu said to me over video call with a tired exhale.

“We’ve never had to rely so much on social media orders to sponsor our Christmas events, this year has really just been a whole lot.”

“Dami has been working himself overtime, he literally doesn’t talk to anyone the entire day, then suddenly in the evenings he’s laughing with the women like nothing is going on,”

“I’m actually scared for him,” she said to me. I sighed and laid back on my bed. Ofcourse Dami has switched back to “figuring everything on my own” mode.

“Well, for what it’s worth. My father has decided to not interfere with the winery again,” I said. Her eyes widened as she got up to her feet immediately.

“What? For real?!” She asked and I nodded.

“Yeah. He even promised to speak to a few friends concerning the Christmas sales, I already told Ayo, he didn’t tell you?” I added and her eyes widened even more.

“This is great news Fehintola. Maybe now Dami can rest and take it slow on production” she said and I nodded slowly.

“Can I speak to him?!” I asked. Her shoulders dropped and she shrug lightly.

“We can try. I’ll let you know the best time to call him when I get to work tomorrow. He barely talks to us too, I really hopes he responds,” she said and I nodded slowly.

“Thank you so much Anu,” she nodded with a small smile.

“We miss you,” she said and I returned her smile with a softer one.

“I miss you guys also. But we’ll see very soon” I said to her and she nodded.

“I hope so,” she responded and we that we ended the call.

Just then my phone buzzed with a notification. I swiped down on it and opened it.

-WHAT REALLY WENT DOWN WITH NIGERIAN WRITER BANKOLE RACHEAL AND HER ASSISTANT LAYLA WILLIAMS -

The headline read boldly, my eyes went wide open and I hastily clicked on the video beneath it. It was a video of my Jeff, my ex-boyfriend who had cheated on me with Layla.

It seems as though he just found out that Layla used him to get to me and he’s very mad about it. From the way he spoke, I’m very sure he is trying to get her to pay for using him like that. Funny. But I’m grateful to God that even what transpired between us happened. My life is now more in shape and I’ve gotten clarity on what exactly I want.

I got to be with the man I genuinely love, fixed my relationship with my father and found my older brother. I might have left America on a bad note, but at the end of the day I won. Those incident pushed me into living my answered prayers.

A sharp buzz from my phone pulled me out of my thoughts it was a mail notification. It was from my previous company and publishers. I clicked it open, now they want to meet with me to discuss. No be only discuss, omo me I’ve moved on oh. I turned my phone off and laid back on my bed. Bold of them to assume that after everything they let me go through in the hands of press and bashers, I’d still want to go back to working for them. Just then my phone began to ring, I picked it up and it was Rose. A small smile crossed my lips, she never misses a beat.

“Rayyyy! You’re trending again!” She said as soon as I answered the video call, I chuckled lightly as I lifted myself off the bed and got up to my feet raising the phone to my face.

“My love, I can see that too,” I muttered.

“How do you feel?! It’s like you’re finally vindicated” she said, I scoffed and shook my head.

“Girl, I didn’t need to be vindicated by any of them. That Layla girl is just a witch. I hope she gets what’s coming for her,” I responded.

“Still. I’m so happy your name is cleared now” she said and I nodded slowly with a small shrug.

“Hmmm, I guess”

“By the way, you won’t believe your company reached out to me o, just right after the Jeffery’s video started trending,” her eyes went wide and she sat forward immediately.

“You’re joking,”

“Girl! I kid you not. I cannot believe they think I’d still consider coming back to work for them,”

“Do I really pass off as desperate?!” I mumbled slightly pissed. She laughed and shook her head.

“You’re their best hand, it’s only right they try their luck one last time,” she said.

“Ori won ni o pe ni” (their head is not correct) I bursted out in reply with an irritated sneer. She laughed loudly at my expression.

“I have no idea what that means, but yeah, that’s it!” She said still laughing.

“I just said their head is not correct” I translated and her laughter increased.

“I bet!” She said in between laughter and I just let her have her laughing spree moment.

“How about Dami?! Have you guys gotten in touch since you left?!” She asked. My expression turned sour immediately and I shook my head.

“Not yet,”

“I really don’t even know how to approach him,” I said. She took in her lower lips and nodded slowly.

“I understand, but you can start by doing something very nice for him,” she said to me.

“Hmm,” I muttered nodding slowly.

“Actually,”

“Yeah! So think about that, I gotta go. I just had to call the moment I saw the new. I’ll call you again soon,” she said and I nodded.

“Byeee, love youuu”

“Love you too!” I responded before she ended the call. The call ended and I dropped my hands slowly.

Now I have to think of something really nice for Dami.

DAMILARE

FIVE DAYS LATER

CHRISTMAS DAY, 10:00am.

“Bro!! Why are you not here yet!” Ayo’s voice came quickly over the phone as soon as I answered it.

“Relax. I’m trying to get ready, I’m on my way” I said to him and ended the call immediately. The more I engage in a conversation with him, the more I waste time getting ready. I quickly walked to my wardrobe, opened it and took out the red native senator outfit that Fehintola got me about two weeks ago. She had specifically told me that she wanted me to wear it on Christmas Day.

I stared at it wondering if I should wear it or not. I really wanted to go through today without the thought of what went down between us bugging me, but who am I kidding. This time around was worse than when she first left. I’m not okay, I love her so much it hurts. But I just still can’t wrap my head around why she lied to me so consistently. It was almost like I was confiding in the author of my troubles about my troubles. It’s crazy. And honestly I don’t know how I feel about the whole thing, I’m seriously just numb.

I just want to get this Christmas sale over with, get my profit and get my life together, get my business together, because right now, I really don’t know where I am, I’m too scattered to have a solid plan.

The next phase of my life is highly dependent on how today sales goes. I really hope with our online press we have more customers than usual. This final Christmas party is usually the day we get to make our profits.

Should I or should I not wear this outfit? I really … my internal monologue abruptly cut short at the loud blaring of my phone, I turned and picked it up. It was Ayo again.

“Bro, don’t tell me you’re thinking again. I thought you said you’re on your way?!” He said as soon as I answered the call.

“Ayo relax, you’ll see me when I get there abeg!” I muttered and ended the call.

4:00pm

“Great turn out isn’t it?!” Ayo yelled behind me over the loud blaring speakers. I stood behind the whole carnival in the open street watching with my hands folded across my chest. My lips stretched into a smile as I slowly turned to face him.

“I’m short of words bro!” I muttered not able to contain my joy. The main event hasn’t even started and we are nearly sold out. That’s apart from the preorders we got, we made extra five hundred thousand bottles in good faith and the last Anu reported to me was that we have one hundred and fifty thousand bottles left. Meaning in just one day we sold more than the number of bottles we should throughout the entire year, my joy couldn’t be anymore fuller. Some of our workers even had to go back to package more wines. God really came through for me. After all my hard work this year? This was the best Christmas gift.

“I really wish Fehintola was here.” I found myself saying.

“I wish everything that happened didn’t happen, this moment would be so complete with her and I’ll be the happiest man on earth,” I added unapologetically even despite the ache in my chest of her betrayal.

“Well, Merry Christmas to you my bro!” He said as he stepped aside and gestured behind us. I turned fully, my eyes went wide as I saw the lastest Range Rover drive up and parked somewhere behind us, the driver hadn’t even turned off the ignition, the door went open and Fehintola stepped out.

“Ohh my Goddddd!” I breathed out.

