FEHINTOLA

Next day, Thursday 5th December.

09:00am.

I stretched out in bed, earning a satisfying pop from my stiff joints. A small groan escaped me as I rubbed my eyes, the first thing I did was reach for my stomach. By yesterday’s night the pain had reduced and now it was gone completely. A small smile played on my lips. You’d really not know how underrated good health is until you’re slightly inconvenient.

Slowly, I fluttered my eyes open, scanning the room only to find I was the only one in it. Dami was gone. I sat up in bed, frowning as I glanced around for any sign of him. Nothing. My phone beeped with a text, drawing my attention, and I picked it up to see a text waiting for me.

-Good Morning, My Pretty Jonah. Are you awake now?-

I rolled my eyes, a small laugh escaping my lips. (Jonah — a name commonly used amongst Nigerians to throw shade at someone who loved sleep), I didn’t bother replying to the text. Instead, I dialed his number.

The call connected instantly.

“But Dami, you’re rude o! Emi Jonah?!” I exclaimed, feigning annoyance. He burst into laughter.

“I called you pretty too. Why can’t you focus on the positive things, Ehn fine girl?” I raised the corner of my lips in a sneer playfully, as though he could see me through the phone.

“How’s your stomach this morning? All better?” He asked.

“I’m fine. As good as new,” I said, stretching lazily and peeling the duvet off my body.

“But why did you leave so early?”

“I had some urgent things to sort out with the winery,” he explained.

“Also, Today’s the celebration of traditions, and the dancers’ traditional attire was with me. I had to drop it off for them.”

“Oh. That’s fair. I can’t wait for tonight also,” I said and I could feel his smile over the phone.

“I’ll be back soon, so get ready. We’re eating out because I didn’t have time to cook,” he added.

“Oh, I could whip something up before you get back,” I suggested.

“Ehn?!” he exclaimed and I just knew he was about to tease me again.

“You? Cook? Abeg o, I no dey chop! You can cook for yourself.” He said, I gasped.

“Wow, so don already see me finish like this, eh? Can you imagine this guy?” I said.

“Set awon pancake and tea ,” he added, snickering.

“Shey that one is cooking? Abeg, count me out.”

I laughed, shaking my head as I grabbed my earbuds and connected them to my phone. “You’re so local. Okay, what if I make noodles?” I asked intentionally to spite him, knowing fully well that he didn’t like indomie. He scoffed dramatically.

“Make grown-up man like me dey chop indomie as morning food? No, thank you. I’ll pass.”

“Toor, You won’t eat pancakes, you won’t eat noodles. So, what do you want to eat? Fufu?”

“Ehn ehn! Now you’re talking!”

“Ah, my guy, don’t say this thing outside o, I’ll deny you ASAP!” I teased, and we both laughed.

“What are you up to now?” he asked after a beat of silence.

“About to brush my teeth,” I said, stepping into the bathroom.

“Hmmm. No wonder. I was sha wondering, what’s going on?”

“No wonder what?” I asked, suspiciously narrowing my eyes at the mirror as though he could see me.

“I sha noticed something’s been smelling,” he teased and I knew exactly what he was talking about.

“Like your morning breath doesn’t smell worse!” I retorted and he bursted out in a taunting laughter.

“Ah! Dami, I swear, if I catch you, I’ll choke you. On God!”

He burst into laughter again, and I couldn’t help but grin as I started brushing my teeth.

****

10:00am

“You should be used to your country people by now, na,” I said, irritation clearly visible in my voice.

Dami chuckled on the other end of the call.

“The first time I came here, the Uber driver started preaching to me about finding a stable job. Said fake life won’t pay me, that I wouldn’t be able to keep shuttling Banana Island and Ikorodu every day. Can you imagine?” I shook my head, the intense anger I felt that day bubbling up again.

“Like I’m one of those chewing-gum girls,” I added bitterly.

“Oga go and advice your daughter at home!” Dami’s laugh deepened.

“Ah, you sef. Take it easy, now. These people’s words are actually not something I take to heart”

I glanced at my phone, realizing we had been talking for an hour, since I called this morning, conversation kept coming after conversations, yet it felt like mere minutes.

“I’m outside your house,” he said suddenly.

“Oh, okay. The door’s open; just come in,” I replied and ended the call.

Seconds later, I heard the door creak open. Turning in my seat at the dining table, I saw Dami walking in, taking long strides towards me.

“Heyyyy” he muttered, leaning down to place a quick kiss on my cheek before brushing his lips softly against mine. My face warmed, and I smiled shyly as I stood to greet him.

“Are you thirsty? Should I get you some water?” I asked.

“Yes, please,” he said immediately, his voice warm.

I walked to the kitchen and returned with a glass of water, handing it to him.

“You’re still not done editing the pictures and videos?” he asked, standing behind me as I settled back at the dining table.

“Almost done. I want to post them as soon as possible. People seem to love the content,” I replied, tapping at my laptop.

“Honestly, I’m surprised at how cooperative people have been. Normally, it’s a headache trying to get everyone together for content,” I added with a satisfied smile. Dami chuckled and took the seat adjacent to me.

“Well, Merry Christmas to you!” We shared a laugh, and I rubbed my hands together, excitement bubbling within me, I could almost feel it spill out of me,

“I can already picture how the grand finale will turn out,” I said enthusiastically.

“The big wine sale might be even bigger than we expected. Just make sure you produce enough, so we don’t run out of stock!” The smile slipped from Dami’s face, his shoulders sagging slightly.

“Dami?” I leaned closer, my brows furrowing. “What’s wrong? Did I say something?”

“No, no,” he said quickly,

“I’m sorry, It’s just... the wine sale at the finale—I don’t know how possible that will be.” I blinked, confused, not entirely confused though, but still confused because just yesterday, he still had a lot of hope that everything would work out fine.

“I went to NAFDAC’s office again, there isn’t any reasonable progress and they are not even willing to listen to me at all,”

“But on the brighter side, we can replace it with something else. A more fun activity or a better attraction for the event. Get other vendors to showcase their products too” He said trying to sound like this wasn’t a big deal as usual. He forced a smile, trying to make his voice sound upbeat but his efforts, fell flat in his face.

I recognized this trait too much, why do African men not like to take help even when they obviously really need it. I still wonder who sold the idea to them that, they’re supposed to carry every burden alone and get burned out, while pretending to have everything figured out.

“What do you mean? Isn’t the sale how you planned to make your profit? If it doesn’t happen, wouldn’t that mean…” I hesitated, dread creeping into my tone.

“Doesn’t that mean you’d go bankrupt?” Dami offered a faint and calm smile, looking at me as if he was trying to reassure me and I’m the only one panicking here.

“If you put it like that, it makes the situation sound worse than it really is.” I frowned, even the person I’m feeling bad for is not seeming to take things seriously.

“Dami…”

He reached out to touch my hand, his grip firm but soft, making me pause my words.

“I’ll figure it out,” he said quietly, I shook my head slowly as I removed my hands from underneath his and placed it on his rubbing it comfortably.

“Dami, you don’t have to do this alone. Let me help you,”

“I might not know a lot of people personally, but I know people who know people, they can help” I said to him, he swallowed hard and shook his head slowly.

“I appreciate your efforts. But you really don’t have to, I can handle this” he said and his lips thinned.

“I don’t want to be an hassle, don’t worry, if I need your help I’ll let you know,” he said.

“Dami, you’re not being an hassle, I’m offering” his lips stretched in a one sided smile as his head dipped for a few seconds before looking back up at me.

“Fehintii, just drop it okay.” He said softly.

“You have a lot of things to worry about,”

“You just focus on pulling crowd to the event,”

“We have about twenty days left, I’m hoping for a Christmas’s miracle,” he said and I nodded slowly.

“Ofcourse! A Christmas Miracle” I muttered under my breath.