FEHINTOLA

NEXT DAY

Saturday 7th December.

My phone beeped with a message, jolting me from my thoughts. I picked it up and stared at the screen—a message from my father.

-You have just two days to tie up the contract and return home. There’s still so much to do, and we don’t have time to waste.-

I sighed deeply, his words pressing heavily on my chest and I almost couldn’t breathe. No matter how hectic schooling in Nigeria had been or how exhausting my work life in New York felt, this moment right here surpassed them all. The stress, the frustration—it was suffocating.

Rubbing my temples, I reached for the file on the table next to me.

“God, abeg,” I muttered under my breath. It was now or never, I had to do this. Pushing myself, I rose to my feet and made my way to the door, my heart thudding wildly in my chest, I could almost see Dami reaction play out right in front of me.

The sound of voices stopped me in my tracks as I neared Dami’s apartment.

“Oga Landlord, that one will not be possible o!” Ayo’s voice rang out, sharp and firm. Curiosity got the better of me, and I paused few meters away from them and decided to listen to what was happening, even though I knew I shouldn’t.

Dami and Ayo stood with their backs to me, facing the landlord.

“Ahn ahn, don’t be like this!” Ayo continued, his frustration very evident in the way he spoke and in his gestures.

“We had a seven-year agreement to use that land for our business. It’s only been four years, and now you’re saying this? After everything we’ve done on that land? Because your daughter wants it for her business?!” Ayo was the one doing all the talking, Dami just stood quietly staring at him quietly, but his silence was the loudest noise, I’ve heard in a very long time. The landlord shifted on his feet, unbothered.

“You people should be reasonable. Before I rented the land to you, you said you were working on moving to your own place. You still have two years left on your lease. I’m offering to refund your rent and compensate you. I need the land now!”

“And we’re telling you we don’t agree!” Ayo shot back, his voice rising with anger.

“We don’t need a refund! Do you know the situation of the winery? We’ve been on a financial downtime for months. It’s locked right now, and we’re working tirelessly to reopen. And you think your refund is what we need?!” Ayo growled, the landlord snorted, folding his arms.

“Well, maybe that’s exactly what you need. Producing wine for just the people in this area isn’t working for you, obviously. Yes, your wine is rich and affordable—we all like it—but look around. Is this your target market? Shey wine nikan la ma ma mu ni? (Is it only wine we’ll be drinking?)” Ayo stiffened, his body obviously shaking with anger as the landlord spoke.

“I even heard a big company approached you to partner with them and produce on a larger scale,” the landlord pressed on and my heart dropped at his words, I slowly shifted the file in my hands behind my back.

“You should drop your pride, accept the offer, and leave this place for someone who wants to run a profitable business.”

“Are you the one that’ll tell us how to run our business?” Ayo barked, stepping forward. The landlord stepped back slightly but didn’t relent.

“Shey Mo pe mo tin ba yin só oyinbo lataró, enu yin mu!” he snapped, switching to Yoruba almost immediately(Don’t think I’ve been speaking English with you since morning because I can’t handle your sharp mouths!)

“E n so rada rada!” (You’re just spouting nonsense!)

“E ma je n wó oju yin oh!” (Don’t let me disrespect you!) Ayo snorted, his face twisting in barely contained rage. I had never seen him this angry before.

The landlord sighed heavily and took another step back, his frustration evident also,

“Anyway, I’ve said my own. I need my land back, and I expect you to move out before the new year. It’s time to count your losses and move forward.”

“Before the new year? That’s ridiculous!” Ayo shouted. But before he could say more, Dami reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder.

The touch was subtle yet firm enough to stop Ayo mid-rant. He turned to Dami, searching his face for an explanation, but Dami’s expression remained calm. After a moment, Ayo stepped back and stormed into the house, his chest rising and falling as he tried to suppress in his anger.

“I’ve heard what you said. But I’m afraid I’ll have to reject your offer. I intend to stay here until the original agreement of seven years is fulfilled. After that, I’ll leave.” Dami finally said, his tone steady, calm, and composed, as usual, like this didn’t bother him and it was no issue at all.

The landlord opened his mouth to respond, but Dami cut him off, his voice quiet but firm, with an tone that left no room for argument.

“If you insist on pushing us out before then, we’ll have no choice but to involve our lawyers and take this to court.”

He ended his statement with a polite nod, as though the conversation hadn’t just been a heated argument. Then, without waiting for a reply, he turned toward the apartment,

But just as he reached the door, he paused mid-step, his eyes catching mine.

For a moment, there was only silence. A look of shock crossed his face, softening his stoic expression.

“Fehintii…” he murmured, barely above a whisper.

******

“Dami, you don’t have to keep it all in” I muttered slowly placing my hands on his and caressing it softly. We were seated outside of his apartment.

“Dami you have every right to be angry at everything that’s happening, you have the right to tell to throw a tantrum,” I said to him and his lips stretched into a small smile.

“How can I throw a tantrum, when I’m the one who is meant to be calming Ayo down, both of us can’t break down at the same time,” he said quietly.

“You know you can talk to me right,” I said, he inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly.

“Making wine was my final year project” he began.

“I love how happy I felt making it, I loved how smooth it tasted after making it, I loved how happy I felt after tasting it. I wanted everybody to feel that too,”

“Then I decided to go into wine making. I told Ayo about it and my plans to settle here after NYSC, he supported me and came all the way to Lagos, we took a bank loan and we started”

“Little by little, we gained popularity, I mean our wine was good and it did well in the market,”

“Our sales were over the roof, until early this year, sale started to rapidly decline, I only produced and supplied within ikorodu, so it really affected us, my plans to expand failed, I didn’t have enough money to do that,”

“What about the company the landlord spoke about,” I asked like I wasn’t the company.

“I’ve gone through the agreement once, it’s a total rip off, they want to buy me and my rights, I’ll become an ordinary worker, like the wine isn’t my recipe” he said, shaking his head slowly.

“You should have tried to atleast speak with them to maybe tweak the contracts,” I said to him, he scoffed lightly and slowly turned to me.

“Banks Nigeria? I doubt!”

“With all the new proposals they’ve been sending, they’ve only been increasing the money to buy me, they never thought to amend the contract itself,” he said, I shifted uncomfortably where I sat, it felt like he was looking in my face and telling me about how greedy I am and how disappointed he was in me to think of doing this to him.

“Dami, still don’t you think you should consider their offer?”

“The landlord is pressing your neck, with them you’d probably have no NAFDAC issues, you —“

“Fehintola, you don’t understand.”

“This is much more than any NAFDAC liscence, Fehintola.”

“Ever since I was a child, I always lost the things I loved, the people I loved never stayed,”

“My decision to just lead a quiet and happy life didn’t just come because I was lazy or not ambitious,”

“It’s just that I’ve gone through so much as a child to not be happy,”

“My father was never responsible, he left my mother as soon as I was born, leaving my mother to bring me up herself, she tried her best and I could see it, but she constantly complained about how she could barely cope with bringing me up.”

“She was young too, in her early twenties and I could understand that she had her own life to live, she always said I looked too much like my father and I always reminded her of him, so we never really interacted much,”

“I was just about seven years old at the time but I was old enough to decide not to be greedy, not to bother her, and just let her live her own life,”

“She was barely at home, she taught me how to take care of myself, stocked the house with foodstuff, and from that early age I took care of myself”

“She’d just come home once in a while and I was honestly contented that I still got to see her, I loved my mother regardless”

“When I was nine, my mother left and never came back. I waited up everyday for her but she never came back, days ran into weeks, weeks ran into months, months in one year” but she never came back.

“Thankfully the house we were living in was her family house , I didn’t have to bother about accommodation”

“It was after one year, I was ten at the time, I met Ayo. He seemed like a rich kid very naive, he was lost and we began to live together, we had a neighbor then, Aunty Florence, bless her soul, she helped us a great deal then, when I began to run out of the money my mother dropped for me, Ayo offered to sell the wristwatch he used to put on then, it was very expensive , ran into Millions,”

“Aunty Florence was truthful to us, she used the money to help us pay our school fees in a public school then, up until ss3. I did stop working and hustling, because I knew life would not end when I got to ss3. I was able to save more money”

“We tried so much to find Ayo’s family but we couldn’t, he didn’t seem to know much either, so we just gave up”

“Sometimes I was angry at how slow he was, I wanted to spank him, to yell and get angry with him for not being sharp. But Aunty Florence taught me that everyone was brought up differently, she told me that my hustling nature at ten was not normal, that Ayo infact was the normal one, because a child should behave like a child, naive, innocent, and not having a thing to worry about,” he said and I turned to look at him, his eyes was blood shot red and I could see tears at the corner of his eyes, it seemed like the words were killing him but he continued anyway.

“She taught me patience, she taught be how to be the older brother, she taught me to be a man, she taught me how to keep my acts together even when everything is going bad and find solution instead of just panicking”

“By the time I was sixteen, I was a full grown adult already, if anything went wrong, I wouldn’t even have the time to panic and as time went on, I became more at peace with myself, even Ayo toughened up”

“I know this might be greedy, but at some point I prayed that Ayo’s parents would never find him, I don’t know how I’d continue my life without him as my brother, he’s my support system”

“Everything I’ve ever really cherished, I don’t have them anymore, that goes for the winery too, it’s my lifeline. It’s the only honor I have attached to my name, if my mother ever returns, it’s the only evidence that I am not my father and I would never be like him. I’m still waiting for my mother, I’m still hanging on to hope for her to show up, to show her that she didn’t have to leave, that I would have worked hard to keep us happy regardless,”

“And now they want to take this away from me?” He said and finally broke down in tears.

“All my life I’ve always given up everything I wanted just so the people around me can be comfortable, but I don’t want to give this up Fehintii,”

“I want to fight for my business. I plan to work hard and get equipments to grow bigger, I really don’t want to join Banks Nigeria. Is that too much to ask? Why do I always have to loose everything?”

“Why do I always have to fight for what I want?! I’ve been fighting since I was born, when does this end?!” He said as tiny sobs escaped his lips. I shifted closer to him and wrapped my hands around him, he instinctively turned and placed his head on my shoulder, his body shook as he cried his eyes out. I did say anything, I just sat there, running my hands through his back comfortingly.