DAMILARE

*“You can’t keep judging everyone by the wounds of your past. I’m not your mother Damilare, and I’d appreciate it if you’d stop looking at me as though I’ll hurt you the same way she did.”*


*“You can’t tie me down to stay with you, Dami. You’re just going to have to trust me. And if you don’t trust me, then there’s no point in us being together.”*

*“You’re smart, Dami. You’re learned and I expected better from you. But this perfectionism you cling to? It’s going to destroy you”*

I sat quietly on the sofa staring into space as the words Fehintola said to her earlier circled around me, they felt so tangible that I could touch them.

I felt bad that I hurt her with my words, I never wanted to see her cry but the fact that she cried because of me tugged painfully at my chest. Thinking about it now, I had let my ego ruin things for me.

The memory of her tearful expression gnawed at me, more painful than I could ever admit. I had taken out my frustration, my insecurities, and my ego on her, when she had just tried to help me.

She had done something so selfless, so thoughtful—and I had thrown it back at her, questioning her intentions.

But deep down, I wasn’t angry at her. I was angry at myself. At the fear that she’d one day realize I wasn’t enough for her, that she’d walk away and leave me with the bitter taste of gratitude mixed with heartbreak.

I hated that I let those fears speak for me, hated how my pride had turned a loving gesture into a moment of pain for the both of us.

“Dami! Dami!” I heard Ayo’s voice ring out excitedly from the entrance. My gaze drifted toward the door, just in time to see him rush inside, practically tumbling over himself as he tried to yank off his shoes. His breath came in hard, labored pants, as though he had run all the way here.

“Dami, I just got an email from NAFDAC!” he blurted out, his words tumbling over each other in his excitement.

“I couldn’t wait—I had to come all the way here immediately!” He let out a short, breathless chuckle as he added,

“I even forget say I get car.”

Reaching me, he whipped out his phone and thrust it forward, his face alight with exhilaration.

“They said they’ll reopen on Monday, and production can run simultaneously with inspection! Dami! You know what this means? We no get problem! This is the best Christmas gift. If we produce enough wine for the grand Christmas event, we’d make our money back!”

He didn’t pause to catch his breath before barreling on,

“Fehintola has already helped us gain a strong online presence! We can bet that people from all over the nation are coming. In fact, she’s already asking people to place their orders online before that day, so we don’t run out of wine. Fehintola—”

“Fehintola helped with the NAFDAC inspection too,” I cut in softly, my voice barely above a whisper as I turned my gaze up to him.

“What?” he exclaimed, laughing a little as though he hadn’t quite understood me.

“Them no born you well make you break that girl heart!” he teased, but his expression froze the moment he caught sight of mine.

The laughter drained from his face, and he slowly sat down on the center table in front of me. His brows furrowed as he studied me intently.

“Dami, you dont seem excited, don’t tell me it’s what I’m thinking and you ruined everything?”

I swallowed hard at his words, a little scared to confirm his assumptions. Finally, I nodded, barely able to get the words out.

“I did,” I muttered, then I went ahead to fully confess everything that had transpired between Fehintola and me earlier.

“What? Are you serious right now?” he burst out, springing to his feet.

“Guy, wetin dey worry you? Wetin dey actually work you?! Why are you like this?” His frustration very clear on his face, his voice rising with each word.

“This girl no deserve wetin you do! What if I told you that just this morning she asked for her rent to be extended—till the end of the month! End of the month, Dami!”

I buried my head in my hands, gripping it tightly as if trying to squeeze out the regret consuming me. God, what have I done? This was even worse than I thought, I accused her of leaving me, when infact she didn’t even have any plans to. Ofcourse her life wasn’t here and I was too greedy to consider how confused she must have been to choose and how difficult it must have been to choose. I claimed to understand the reason for her decision in the past, but truth is that I didn’t and I was a big liar and a total Jerk.

“Dami,” Ayo said, his voice steadier now but no less stern.

“I’ve told you time and time again—nobody is against you. Nobody is out to get you. Nobody is in a competition of who is stronger with you! You keep pushing people away, and that thing you don’t want to be? Alone? You’ll end up being alone!”

“You think everybody would be able to keep up with your insecure behaviour, I’m your brother ofcourse no where wey I wan throw you to, I can handle you but what about other people? You think they’d keep understanding you forever? There’s limit to what one person can take!”

“You want to grow up to be one of those men who would not be able to take it if their spouse is doing better than them? Somebody you’re meant to be cheering for? No Dami, don’t do that!”

His words hit me like a blow. He leaned closer, his tone unrelenting, like he absolutely didn’t care about how I felt.

“You better make this better. Apologize to her because she did nothing wrong to you. Somebody who has done nothing but help you since she got here? You should be grateful, not feeling inferiority complex. I thought we were over this behavior, but apparently, we’re not!”

Snorting, he reached for his phone on the chair and slid it into his back pocket.

“I’ve got to go back—Anu is the only one there,” he said curtly. With that, he spun around and stormed out, slamming the door shut behind him.

Ahhh Dami! You mess up!