EPILOGUE

FEHINTOLA

EIGHT YEARS LATER

“Babe, Anu is on her way are the kids ready?!” I called out to my husband as I walked out of the kitchen.

“Yeahhh, we’re coming,” he responded and I heard running down the staircase almost immediately.

It’s been eight years of pure bliss, living with the love of my life as husband and wife. We had two children, twins actually, they’re six years old. A girl; Adeoluwakiishi meaning the crown of God cannot be removed and a Boy Adeoluwakiitan meaning The reign of God cannot end. They were a handful most of the times but they were perfect.

I went back to writing and I have my own thriving media and publishing company here in Nigeria. We are mainly into children books but in recent times we’ve been deviating more into books for the youth too, of diverse genre and we were doing absolutely well.

Dami’s winery has become the biggest supplier of Nigerian made wine in the country, he had even established branches in some other countries in Africa, and right now he was looking to expand his franchise in the American market. Ayo took over our father’s company, with Anu by his side and they are doing an absolutely fantastic job managing the company together. They got married six years ago and they have a daughter; Mobolade meaning I came with wealth, although she’s still a toddler.

My father and mother are currently retired and living their best life traveling around the world.

Dami’s relationship with his mother had gotten better over the years and anyone who sees them right now would never have guessed they have a dark past. Our lives were perfect.

“Mama when are we going to the village this year??” Kitan asked as soon as he got to me. I choked on my laughter, this boy! While his sister was the quiet and classy one, kitan was the direct opposite, saying the most unhinged things.

“Kitan, Ikorodu is not your father’s village. I’ve always told you, Ikorodu is just like where we’re living” I corrected it.

“The roads are very bad, there’s usually no light, my teachers say villages don’t have electricity” he responded. I sighed, ofcourse I wasn’t about to start arguing with a six year old. If he says it’s a village then great. He’ll understand better when he’s older, I guess.

“But are we going?” Kiishi asked from where she was seated, I zipped up their bag and slowly turned to her.

“Uncle Ayo and Aunty Anu are going baby, you can guys can go with them. Daddy will be there too,” I said to her.

“You’re not going?!” I heard Dami’s voice behind me, I flinched lightly and slowly turned in his direction.

“Babe, we already had this conversation,” I said to him. He hummed and nodded slowly, I knew he wasn’t about to argue with me in front of the kids and this conversation was far from over. Just then the door went open and Anu rushed in.

“I’m so sorry guys, we’re already late, are they ready?!” She asked me. I nodded immediately and handed her their bags.

“What about Ayo and Bolade?”I asked her.

“They’re in the car, we’ll see when we get back alright,”

“Love you guys, bye” she said as she grabbed their hands and led them out.

“I love you my babies,” I called out to them as I walked them to the door and slammed it shut behind them.

“Babe,” I muttered, intentionally stretching it as I turned back to Dami.

“Babe, I thought we had an agreement, I have to stay back, I have things to attend to here, I can’t just leave just like that, I’ll meet you guys there on Christmas Day”

“We talked, we didn’t agree,” he responded.

“Babe,” I drawled again.

“Fehinti, going to ikorodu every December is our little family tradition, even the children are looking forward to it,”

“The only agreement I remember having was that we’d put our family first and make sure we always honor this tradition, we literally only go to Ikorodu once a year,”

“You’ve been working the entire year, can’t you weave this one?” He asked, I raised my brows and moved my head forward

“Weave?!” I scoffed

“Weave this one? I literally said I was going to join you guys there. I have a contract with this people, this is my career! Why can’t you just understand me babe”

“This is literally the first time something like this is happening in eight years and what now you’re making a fuss?!”

“You know if I could help it I would”

“You could help it but you chose not to, you literally signed this contract behind me knowing it was going to clash!” He snapped, his voice was firm and I knew he was doing everything to not raise his voice at me.

“Bro! I did that because it was good for my career!” I responded even more sharply.

The silence that followed was sharp, We glared at each other across the living room, I was breathing hard. I really could not just believe that my husband could not just give me grace and cut me some slack.

I looked away first, pressing my hand to my temple, my other hand in my waist.

“We promised we wouldn’t do this,” he murmured with a small sigh.

Then, through the corner of my eyes I saw him stretch out his hands to me,

“Come here.” He whispered. I hesitated. He nodded toward his hand.

“Our rule.” He muttered.

My shoulders slumped and I relunctantly stepped forward, sliding my fingers into his. We met halfway, our foreheads slowly touching. We had this small thing where, whenever the arguement was getting intense, we lean into each other and air our grievances to avoid raising our voice or walking away without settling.

He spoke first.

“I shouldn’t have made you feel like your career was nothing. I just felt like, once we start defaulting it’ll get to a point where we totally forget about our past,”

“That place made us, those women were there for us, ikorodu is our humble beginning, I don’t want us to forget about there, I want to always give back to the community that made me,”

My reply came softly.

“I shouldn’t have signed the contract without letting you know about it. I know you’re still secretly angry about it,” I said and his lips stretched into a small smile.

“Stop smiling you’re distracting me,” I said and he chuckled lightly.

“I didn’t tell you about it before signing, because I didn’t want you to discourage me. The moment I saw it’d clash, I knew you’d want me to drop it and it’s good business for me,”

“What?! I would never limit you. You should have spoken to me about feeling this way. I would never try to cage you Fehintola,” he said his breath fanning my face.

“Im sorry for judging you like that,” I said to him and he acknowledged it with a small smile.

“So what’s our middle ground?” He asked. I sighed deeply.

“I’ll speak to my team, I’ll spend two weeks here, I’ll join you in ikorodu for the next two weeks,” I said to him and his smile widened.

“Now you’re talking.” He said and I chuckled lightly, forehead still resting against his.

He slowly slipped his arms around my waist pulling me into himself.

“Thank you for walking this path with me,” he said and my smile widened.

“Look at us, look at how far we’ve come. Thank you for always choosing me,” he said and I nodded, slowly wrapping my hands around his neck.

“You chose me first and did not let go, I’m never letting go either,” I said and without missing a beat, he slowly leaned in and took my lips in his in a passionate kiss.

“I love you Iyawo mi” he whispered as we disengaged.

“I love you my husband”

